LLM Safety Leaderboard Blog Post (#1761)
huggingface/blog: leaderboards-on-the-hub-decodingtrust.md

---
title: "An Introduction to Hugging Face LLM Safety Leaderboard"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/leaderboards-on-the-hub/thumbnail.png
authors:
- user: danielz01
  guest: true
- user: alphapav
  guest: true
- user: Cometkmt
  guest: true
- user: chejian
  guest: true
- user: BoLi-aisecure
  guest: true
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# An Introduction to Hugging Face LLM Safety Leaderboard
```

I think we need a title for the content itself. The rest of the sections should be `##`.

Reviewer: Re: the title, is this leaderboard officially under the umbrella of Hugging Face? Should we mention AI Secure instead (or in addition to)? cc @clefourrier

Reviewer 2: It's not a Hugging Face leaderboard, it should be AI Secure here, good catch!

Author: Fixed!

Given the widespread adoption of LLMs, it is critical to understand their safety and risks in different scenarios before extensive deployments in the real world. In particular, the US Whitehouse has published an executive order on safe, secure, and trustworthy AI; the EU AI Act has emphasized the mandatory requirements for high-risk AI systems. Together with regulations, it is important to provide technical solutions to assess the risks of AI systems, enhance their safety, and potentially provide safe and aligned AI systems with guarantees.

Thus, in 2023, at [Secure Learning Lab](https://boli.cs.illinois.edu/), we introduced [DecodingTrust](https://decodingtrust.github.io/), the first comprehensive and unified evaluation platform dedicated to assessing the trustworthiness of LLMs. (*This work won the [Outstanding Paper Award](https://blog.neurips.cc/2023/12/11/announcing-the-neurips-2023-paper-awards/) at NeurIPS 2023.*) 

> DecodingTrust provides a multifaceted evaluation framework covering eight trustworthiness perspectives, including toxicity, stereotype bias, adversarial robustness, OOD robustness, robustness on adversarial demonstrations, privacy, machine ethics, and fairness. In particular, DecodingTrust 1) offers comprehensive trustworthiness perspectives for a holistic trustworthiness evaluation, 2) provides novel red-teaming algorithms tailored for each perspective, enabling in-depth testing of LLMs, 3) supports easy installation across various cloud environments, 4) provides a comprehensive leaderboard for both open and close models based on their trustworthiness, 5) provides failure example studies to enhance transparency and understanding, 6) provides an end-to-end demonstration and detailed model evaluation reports for practical usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DecodingTrust provides a multifaceted evaluation framework covering eight trustworthiness perspectives: toxicity, stereotype bias, adversarial robustness, OOD robustness, robustness on adversarial demonstrations, privacy, machine ethics, and fairness. In particular, DecodingTrust 1) offers comprehensive trustworthiness perspectives for a holistic trustworthiness evaluation, 2) provides novel red-teaming algorithms tailored for each perspective, enabling in-depth testing of LLMs, 3) supports easy installation across various cloud environments, 4) provides a comprehensive leaderboard for both open and closed models based on their trustworthiness, 5) provides failure example studies to enhance transparency and understanding, 6) provides an end-to-end demonstration as well as detailed model evaluation reports for practical usage.
```

> Today, we are excited to announce the release of the new [LLM Safety Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AI-Secure/llm-trustworthy-leaderboard), which focuses on safety evaluation for LLMs and is powered by the [HF leaderboard template](https://huggingface.co/demo-leaderboard-backend).

Reviewer: How about embedding the leaderboard Space here?

Reviewer 2: How do you embed a space? :eyes:

Reviewer: Something like this should work:

```suggestion
Today, we are excited to announce the release of the new [LLM Safety Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/AI-Secure/llm-trustworthy-leaderboard), which focuses on safety evaluation for LLMs and is powered by the [HF leaderboard template](https://huggingface.co/demo-leaderboard-backend).

<script type="module" src="https://gradio.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/3.45.1/gradio.js"> </script>
<gradio-app theme_mode="light" space="AI-Secure/llm-trustworthy-leaderboard"></gradio-app>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Red-teaming Evaluation
```

I'd suggest using a section here after the leaderboard has been introduced, otherwise the only two other sections appear close to the end of the post. Feel free to use a better title!

> Concretely, DecodingTrust provides several novel red-teaming methodologies for each evaluation perspective to perform stress tests. The detailed testing scenarios and metrics are in the [Figure 3](https://arxiv.org/html/2306.11698v4/extracted/5331426/figures/taxonomy.main.png) of our paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DecodingTrust provides several novel red-teaming methodologies for each evaluation perspective to perform stress tests. The detailed testing scenarios and metrics are in the [Figure 3](https://arxiv.org/html/2306.11698v4/extracted/5331426/figures/taxonomy.main.png) of our paper.
```

> Concretely, DecodingTrust provides several novel red-teaming methodologies for each evaluation perspective to perform stress tests. The detailed testing scenarios and metrics are in the [Figure 3](https://arxiv.org/html/2306.11698v4/extracted/5331426/figures/taxonomy.main.png) of our paper.

Reviewer: Did you consider including the figure in the blog post? Otherwise readers will have to open it in a separate window to better follow the discussion below. cc @clefourrier

> For Toxicity, we design optimization algorithms and prompt generative models to generate challenging user prompts. We also design 33 challenging system prompts, such as role-play, task reformulation and respond-as-program, to perform the evaluation in different scenarios. We then leverage the perplexity API to evaluate the toxicity score of the generated content given our challenging prompts.

Reviewer: Whose perplexity api is this? Or is this a service provided by perplexity.ai?

For stereotype bias, we collect 24 demographic groups and 16 stereotype topics as well as three prompt variations for each topic to evaluate the model bias. We prompt the model 5 times and take the average as model bias scores.

> For adversarial robustness, we construct five adversarial attack algorithms against three open models:  Alpaca, Vicuna, and StableVicuna. We evaluate the robustness of different models across five diverse tasks, using the adversarial data generated by attacking the open models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adversarial robustness, we construct five adversarial attack algorithms against three open models: Alpaca, Vicuna, and StableVicuna. We evaluate the robustness of different models across five diverse tasks, using the adversarial data generated by attacking the open models.
```

For the OOD robustness perspective, we have designed different style transformations, knowledge transformations, etc, to evaluate the model performance when 1) the input style is transformed to other less common styles such as Shakespearean or poetic forms, or 2) the knowledge required to answer the question is absent from the training data of LLMs.

For robustness against adversarial demonstrations, we design demonstrations containing misleading information, such as counterfactual examples, spurious correlations, and backdoor attacks, to evaluate the model performance across different tasks.

> For privacy, we provide different levels of evaluation, including 1) privacy leakage from pertaining data, 2) privacy leakage during conversations, and 3) privacy-related words and events understanding of LLMs. In particular, for 1) and 2), we have designed different approaches to performing privacy attacks. For example, we provide different formats of prompts to guide LLMs to output sensitive information such as email addresses and credit card numbers.

Reviewer: Is it `pertaining` or `pretraining` in topic `1`?

> For ethics, we leverage ETHICS and Jiminy Cricket datasets and design jailbreaking systems and user prompts to evaluate the model performance on immoral behavior recognition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ethics, we leverage ETHICS and Jiminy Cricket datasets to design jailbreaking systems and user prompts that we use to evaluate the model performance on immoral behavior recognition. 
```

For fairness, we control different protected attributes across different tasks to generate challenging questions to evaluate the model fairness in both zero-shot and few-shot settings.

> # Some key findings from our paper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Some key findings from our paper
```

Overall, we find that 
1) GPT-4 is more vulnerable than GPT-3.5, 
2) no single LLM consistently outperforms others across all trustworthiness perspectives, 
3) trade-offs exist between different trustworthiness perspectives, 

> 4) LLMs demonstrate different capabilities in understanding different privacy-related words. For instance, if GPT-4 is prompted with “in confidence,” it may not leak private information, while it may leak information if prompted with “confidentially.” 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) LLMs demonstrate different capabilities in understanding different privacy-related words. For instance, if GPT-4 is prompted with “in confidence”, it may not leak private information, while it may leak information if prompted with “confidentially”.
```

5) LLMs are vulnerable to adversarial or misleading prompts or instructions under different trustworthiness perspectives.

> # How to submit your model for evaluation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to submit your model for evaluation
```

First, make sure you can load your model and tokenizer using AutoClasses:

```Python
from transformers import AutoConfig, AutoModel, AutoTokenizer
config = AutoConfig.from_pretrained("your model name", revision=revision)
model = AutoModel.from_pretrained("your model name", revision=revision)

> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("your model name", revision=revision)

Reviewer: I'd maybe drop the `revision` here unless it's essential for the process.

```

If this step fails, follow the error messages to debug your model before submitting it. It's likely your model has been improperly uploaded.

> Note: make sure your model is public! Note: if your model needs use_remote_code=True, we do not support this option yet but we are working on adding it, stay posted!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes:
- Make sure your model is public! 
- We don't yet support models that require `use_remote_code=True`. But we are working on it, stay posted!
```

Then, convert your model weights to safetensors

> It's a new format for storing weights which is safer and faster to load and use. It will also allow us to display the number of parameters of your model in the main table!

Reviewer: Should this be the first step perhaps?

---

> title: "An Introduction to Hugging Face LLM Safety Leaderboard"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "An Introduction to AI Secure LLM Safety Leaderboard"
